Add clarifying details for private module registry version attribute commit-sha (#848)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/private-registry/modules.mdx

Properties without a default value are required.

| Key path                     | Type   | Default | Description                                                 |
| ---------------------------- | ------ | ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data.type`                  | string |         | Must be `"registry-module-versions"`.                       |
| `data.attributes.version`    | string |         | A valid semver version string.                              |

> | `data.attributes.commit-sha` | string | `null`  | If known, the commit SHA used to source the module version. |

Author: @rkoron007 I like create more, in the case this value is supplied the calling user is the one creating the archive. I've added a new commit using create but with a bit or a reword to highlight that the user is performing the action and not TFC/TFE.

> | `data.attributes.commit-sha` | string | `null`  | If known, the commit SHA used to source the module version. |

Reviewer: Thank you for the adjustment!! Adding another suggestion to comply with our style guide's active voice and present tense requirement and taking your context in mind:
```suggestion
| `data.attributes.commit-sha` | string | `null`  | If applicable, the commit SHA you use when creating the module version archive you are uploading. |
```

If you like this feel free to take it and merge this!
